docs(agent upgrade): mention that it must be done on a dev env (#61)
ForestAdmin/documentation: how-tos/maintain/upgrade-notes-rails/upgrade-to-v4.md

Before upgrading to v4, consider the below **breaking changes**.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> You must upgrade your agent version on a development environment, then push it to other environments (Production, Staging, Test,...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you must upgrade your agent version and restart your server on a Development environment, then, commit and push the new configuration to upper environments (Test, Staging, Production...).
```

> More information about forest-admin schema can be found [here ↗](../../../reference-guide/models/README.md#the-forestadmin-schemajson-file) and [here ↗](./upgrade-to-v3.md#schema-versioning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the Forest Admin schema can be found in [the models documentation](../../../reference-guide/models/README.md#the-forestadmin-schemajson-file) or in [the initial upgrade note](./upgrade-to-v3.md#schema-versioning)
```
